[DO NOT MERGE] Adding DataStore JS lazy loading docs (#4786)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/datastore/js/relational/query-many-snippet.mdx

### Create

In order to save a many-to-many relationship, create both model instance first and then save them to a new join model instance.

```js
const post = await DataStore.save(new Post({
  title: 'Amplify Weekly'
  rating: 10,
  status: PostStatus.ACTIVE,
}))

const user = await DataStore.save(new User({
  username: 'rene'
}))

const postEditor = await DataStore.save(new PostEditor({
  post: post,
  user: user
}))
```

Here we've first created a new `Post` instance and a new `User` instance. Then, saved those instances to a new instance of our join model `PostEditor`.

### Query

> To query many-to-many relationships, use a nested predicate filter the target model by the source model's id:

Author: ```suggestion
To query many-to-many relationships, use a nested predicate to filter the target model by the source model's id:
```

> To query many-to-many relationships, query either model with a nested predicate of the other model's primary key.

Reviewer: I think the other model's here is a big unclear.

Author: do you have a suggestion?

Author: ```suggestion
To query many-to-many relationships, use a nested predicate filter the target model by the source model's id:
```
